Update information about tests for IR frontend (#13465)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/frontends/ir/docs/tests.md

# OpenVINO IR Frontend tests

> OpenVINO IR tests covers the next frontend functionality: parser IRs, read model from the memory, extensions support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO IR tests cover the next frontend functionality: parser IRs, read model from the memory, and extensions support.
```

> OpenVINO IR tests cover the next frontend functionality: parser IRs, read model from the memory and extensions support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenVINO IR tests cover the next frontend functionality: parser IRs, read model from the memory, and extensions support.
```

## How to build and run tests

> CMake target `ov_ir_frontend_tests` is responsible for building IR tests. IR Frontend tests uses `gtest` framework for tests execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMake target `ov_ir_frontend_tests` is responsible for building IR tests. IR Frontend tests use `gtest` framework for tests execution.
```

> CMake target `ov_ir_frontend_tests` is responsible for building IR tests. IR Frontend tests use `gtest` framework for tests execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CMake target `ov_ir_frontend_tests` is responsible for building IR tests. IR Frontend tests use the `gtest` framework for tests execution.
```

> After the build `ov_ir_frontend_tests` (`ov_ir_frontend_tests.exe` for Windows) binary files can be used to run all tests for the IR frontend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the build, `ov_ir_frontend_tests` (`ov_ir_frontend_tests.exe` for Windows) binary files can be used to run all tests for the IR frontend.
```

> If you would like to get a tests coverage report for IR frontend, please read the page about [how to measure coverage](../../../../docs/dev/test_coverage.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get a tests coverage report for the IR frontend, read the page on [measuring coverage](../../../../docs/dev/test_coverage.md).
```
